[GraphQL/Docs] Increased Concepts/References cross-linking (#16276)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/references/sui-graphql.mdx

The Sui GraphQL RPC is a public service that enables interacting with the Sui [network](https://sui.io/networkinfo).

To get started with the GraphQL RPC, check out the [Getting Started](/guides/developer/getting-started/graphql-rpc.mdx) guide. If you'd like to learn more about the concepts used in the GraphQL RPC service, check out the [GraphQL RPC concepts](/concepts/graphql-rpc.mdx) page.

## Key Types

> All GraphQL API elements are accessible via the left sidebar, the following are good starting pointsto explore from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All GraphQL API elements are accessible via the left sidebar, the following are good starting points to explore from.
```

> - "Queries" lists all top-level queries for reading the chain state from reading details about addresses and objects to [dryRunTransactionBlock](/references/sui-graphql/reference/queries/dry-run-transaction-block), which has an execution-like interface but does not modify the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Queries" lists all top-level queries for reading the chain state, from reading details about addresses and objects to [dryRunTransactionBlock](/references/sui-graphql/reference/queries/dry-run-transaction-block), which has an execution-like interface but does not modify the chain.
```

- "Mutations" lists operations that can modify chain state, like [executeTransactionBlock](/references/sui-graphql/reference/mutations/execute-transaction-block).
- [Object](/references/sui-graphql/reference/objects/object) is the type representing all on-chain objects (Move values and packages)

> - [Address](/references/sui-graphql/reference/objects/address) corresponds to account addresses (derived from the public keys of signatures that sign transactions) and can be used to query the objects owned by these accounts and the transactions they have signed or been affected by.

Reviewer: Should we also call out `Owner`?

Author: Good call-out, yes, I think that's a good idea!
